[master < fix-mage-gnn-impl] Add docs for GNN (#603)
memgraph/docs: mage/algorithms/machine-learning-graph-analytics/gnn-algorithm.md

### Implementation

**GNNs** are implemented within the project [**MAGE**](https://github.com/memgraph/mage). There are multiple options you can choose from.

If you are dealing with **dynamic** graphs, check out **[Temporal graph newtorks](/mage/query-modules/python/temporal-graph-networks)**. You can use Temporal graph networks for [link prediction](/mage/algorithms/machine-learning-graph-analytics/link-prediction-algorithm) or [node classification](/mage/algorithms/machine-learning-graph-analytics/node-classification-algorithm) task.
Check our implementation and documentation :point_down: 

[![Temporal graph networks](https://img.shields.io/badge/Temporal_Graph_Networks-Implementation-FB6E00?logo=github&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/blob/main/python/tgn.py)

[![Temporal graph networks](https://img.shields.io/badge/Temporal_Graph_Networks-Documentation-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)](/mage/query-modules/python/temporal-graph-networks)

> If you are dealing on the other hand with **static** graph you have **two** different modules to choose from depending on your task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are dealing with **static** graphs you can choose between **two** different modules, depending on the task.
```

> For [link prediction](/mage/algorithms/machine-learning-graph-analytics/link-prediction-algorithm) you can check our implementation and documentation :point_down: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check implementation and documentation for [link prediction](/mage/algorithms/machine-learning-graph-analytics/link-prediction-algorithm) :point_down: 
```

[![Link prediction](https://img.shields.io/badge/Link_Prediction-Implementation-FB6E00?logo=github&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/blob/main/python/link_prediction.py)

[![Link prediction](https://img.shields.io/badge/Link_Prediction-Documentation-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)](/mage/query-modules/python/link-prediction-with-gnn)

> For [node classification](/mage/algorithms/machine-learning-graph-analytics/node-classification-algorithm) you can check our implementation and documentation :point_down: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check implementation and documentation for [node classification](/mage/algorithms/machine-learning-graph-analytics/node-classification-algorithm) :point_down: 
```
